hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you doing really good and you are
keeping it safe and well at the moment
in today's video I'm going to be doing a
QA I asked some questions over on my
Instagram and I'm just going to go
through some of those the only Q now
ever done in my lifetime and on my
youtube channel is when I first started
out my channel and looking back at that
video or I could just barely speak to
the camera at that point I was just so
nervous I feel like I've kind of avoided
doing this because some questions do
won't you feel uncomfortable but it's
about time that I do one before we get
straight into if you could hit this
video with the like I would really
appreciate it it helps and supports much
handle oh where are you from can't work
out your accent so I'm from West
Yorkshire that's why I was like born and
raised with my dad I moved to London
when I just turned 18 which was the best
decision I ever made
teas of uni there and then I did a
season in my Barre in Spain and then
came back moved back to London and then
ended up moving to Manchester completely
unplanned when you look back over
tyranny like how did that happen I would
never sort of have said I've been
Manchester right now I'm actually living
in Cheshire which is just on like the
curse of Manchester I've lived in my
house for a year and before that I lived
like more central into Manchester and
what is your biggest regret I don't feel
like I have any regrets because I don't
think I'd be where I am now or like the
person I am now without having done
things that were kind of like mistakes I
feel like you've got to make mistakes in
life you've got to take risks and put
yourself out there in order to get
anywhere so that's my kind response
there's like there's decisions that I
think of what was I thinking
but like I said anything can't be me if
I hadn't have done those things so the
next question what keeps you motivated
all the time and I mentioned this one of
my recent videos and I would just say
you can't rely on motivation to get
things done it does just come down to
like your goals and what you want to
achieve and stuff and how much you want
to achieve it being really honest of
yourself like make sure your goals are
for you and not anyone else like don't
do something just
because your best friend's doing
something or your mum your dad wants you
to be certain someone or whatever I
think just make sure they're all for you
in that way you know it's gonna help
with like motivation like I'm not
motivated all the time I think it's good
to rest and have to make time for
yourself next runner do you ever have
cheat days and don't count your calories
now this one I personally don't believe
in cheat days I feel like it encourages
binging more than anything and I think
you should just have like whatever you
want in your diet but just be smart of
your macros and go from there really do
you ever have days that all you want is
like McDonald's and crows so much food
and of course if I have a craving
something I will always have it I don't
restrict a single thing in my diet I
want to McDonald's I'll go and get one
the only thing will is I don't really
find like fast foods actually fill me up
for long and I've got a big appetite so
if I go have like and I can feel it fish
burger from McDonald's I'll probably be
hungry again in like half an hour so
it's not sort of like my first choice
but if flavor on the go I'm you know
I'll grab McDonald's I love the
McDonald's breakfast and but it's just
not the most like nutrient dense choice
of food the next one is how do you find
it living with your boyfriend and heat
tips so Mase and I have lived together
for two years and we moved in together
literally like a week known each other
it just all happened real quick I just
think when you know you know I would
just say communication and honesty is
just the essential things to have in any
relationship or it's just never gonna
work so next one when lockdown is over
we go back to your old routine or have
you learned anything
oh my routine hasn't changed drastically
like nothing major because I have been
self-employed and I've worked from home
quite a lot over like the past few years
anyway and so I'm quite fortunate in
that sense that it's not been like a
massive like change have more time and I
haven't been out and about and going to
the gym everyday I've had more time to
do more like self-care things one thing
that has changed is I've been doing like
more walking and this
into podcasts and that's something that
I'd probably never really discover like
used to take Penelope out on a walk and
everything but because she the puppy she
can't go for miles and miles I
definitely think that something I will
continue doing I have to lock down and
also just like more mindful stuff that
I've been doing I'm meditating I'm
definitely going to continue that and
I'm so glad that I've sort of discovered
these lot of things that really help
keep me positive and not in a good
headspace so in brackets don't have to
answer how did your mom pass you're so
strong
oh thank you that free time I'm passed
away when I was really young and she
died in a motorbike accident it was
straight away she hit her head yeah
that's how I man passed away and my dad
raised me and I have one brother
so it's quite like a small family but
how's your skin with the new treatment
you are on I have what had the side
effects being like so I have been on
accutane and but obviously with the
coronavirus I got taken off that
straightaway which I'm really sad about
coming off that for about two weeks and
I was only on it for a month but are we
going straight back on it hopefully as
soon as like things get back to normal
and stuff it put me at high risk like
with my immune system so that is where I
got taken off that but I didn't actually
have like too many side effects I think
I felt a bit more tired during the day
but there wasn't anything like to major
thankfully so yeah I'll definitely going
back on that but I did notice a big
difference in my skin and I was worried
that my skin was going to instantly
flare up but we're okay for the moment
the next one what jobs have you had
before oh look I've always had a job
since I was being born
so in school I used to be like I feel
like there's always one by a drunken
lollipop
seller by like a multipack and then I
sell those so that was my first little
bit of income and then I did babysit him
when I was about a 44 kind of like a
family friend and then that family
friend also owned a pub so at 15 I
started working behind the bar in this
poem I worked at that pub for goofy
years part-time whilst I was like in
school and stuff and in my little bits
of money
and then I worked two jobs I worked in
the Pope and a bar so yeah it was mainly
like bar work that I did back then I did
a bit like the stables as well I was
always sort of busy then I moved to go
to uni in London and I moved in to like
my little flat thing a few months before
like uni actually started to a could try
and find a job it's basically I spent a
month going for job interviews left
right and centre and this time is in
retail or super random I hadn't ever
really done that before but I just
wanted a change from like the bar scene
kind of thing found a job as a personal
stylist in slow and square like women's
wear in retail so so random I've never
really done that before but I was up for
it but they wanted like quite a lot of
hours so it's like four days that I was
doing and and the hours were relatively
long so I really that combined with uni
and then I was trying to like meet new
people and everything and get into the
swing of uni which I wasn't really
enjoying it was just a lot so I was like
going on nights out and then having
literally every one time having like an
hour's sleep
and going into work like a full shift
the next day and it was just hell like I
remember that day so well it was bleep
painful - well this is an interesting
what morals do you have say my number
one moral is honesty that is so
important for me like I absolutely will
never have any liars in my line I think
everyone should just be honest I really
believe in karma as well like what goes
around comes straight back around
whatever you and also just take chances
and risks I would really describe myself
as a very spontaneous person I've always
been like that and I feel like you
should always try not to overthink
things and so yeah let's say they're
like my main morals that I stand by
where did you go to uni and what did you
study so I just as I mentioned I went to
uni in London I do my first two years
there and then transferred to Manchester
and I studied business management if I'm
quite honest I didn't really enjoy the
whole Union experience I felt quite
trapped when I got there because I
thought once you've like signed up to
you that you couldn't like drop out
without having to pay the full three
years
and I also went there for the wrong
reasons I just kind of went like I
didn't know what else I wanted to do
didn't your abs look amazing how long
did it take to get those and so I've
probably been in a cutting phase for
about seven weeks now and I've started
seeing some like definition of my
stomach then what would you say your
biggest achievement today is love you
your bids loads oh thank you so much
probably few things like I was really
happy to pass my driving test to
graduate from uni but I honestly think
this is mighty bit cringe but my biggest
achievement is just being really happy
in myself and happy with like the life
I'm creating and just being happy
because I had two years where I was
really sort of low I just felt really
lost and I didn't really see it like
light at the end of the tunnel for quite
a big part of that next one do you want
kids if so how many yeah I definitely
want kids and I'll definitely have kids
with my future baby daddy which of
course is amazing I've never really
wanted like the whole sort of like
social norm of like settling somewhere
when it comes start having kids instead
of I don't think I'll have I think I'll
have kids but I don't think it'll be
like that where I have like a set home
in a set place and don't think it'll be
in the UK either like I don't really
like the idea of settling I never really
have it just died mid and I don't really
have like a set number Mason wants like
a whole troop he's talking six kids I
wouldn't mind a truth reckon I'll
probably know after like my first child
how many I'd like but I don't really
have like a set number I've just got
myself better ink and someone asked as
well which made me laugh how do you keep
your teeth white when you drink a lot of
coffee and this is why I always drink my
coffee through a straw otherwise we're
just gonna ruin and rot those precious
teeth of your the next one is how did it
take you to get to the body you have
today I've gone through a bulking phase
a cutting phase I feel like I've gone
through every phase with my body been my
first like proper cut and probably the
leanest I've ever like had my body on a
whole satays taking me for years to get
where I am I think with your like
physique on your body just got to
be patient and consistent I'd say like
that's the most important thing and make
sure you're feeling your body I flirt
that's one massive mistake that are me
next question is how did you race in me
and Mason and I met on Instagram I
actually replied to one of his stories
it was like a recovery one night he had
his leg in this huge right splint thing
and it looked like he'd broken his leg
so I think a person's not get well soon
I followed him like a week prior to that
by him praying that a story we met and
went on a day a few days after and
that's it really that's ever since so my
phone just died so I'm taking that as a
sign that I answered enough questions
this was definitely like trickier video
to film because it was a bit more
personal and let me know if you would
like to see any more like videos like
this like sit-down ones I'm definitely
gonna do a whole video on like my
fitness journey explained that's going
to be seriously in-depth there's so much
to that the easies with these kind of
videos is like obviously it's hard to
sort of put stuff in a few words and
make it short and snappy because we see
like this so much - life isn't there
like there's so many experience and
stuff and it's hard to shorten it all
down but yeah I really hope you did
enjoy this let me know in the comments
what you thought and if you aren't
already you don't forget to Like and
subscribe and I'll see you in the next
video